16776952	1. Santiago to Valparaíso: every 15 mins during the day. TurBus, Pullman, Linea Azul and others. Best place to catch a variety of buses is at Pajaritos metro station on the outskirts of Santiago. Otherwise Turbus and Pullman at Alameda Bus Station at Metro Universidad de Santiago. This only takes 1. 5 hours so class of service is just clásico. Don't use the metro at rush hour. 2. Depends on the time of year. At least a couple a day. A night bus is the worst possible choice. You will have to get off the bus in the middle of the night for passport control and customs. The views are wonderful during the day. Book a day bus with semi-cama service. . You can't book Chilean buses online without a Chilean issued credit card, but both these routes have a lot of buses.
16785137	Once in the main hall, if you haven´t already contracted a taxi, shuttle or remis, don´t accept any offer for cheaper rides made by persons wandering around in the hall.
16786703	The bus it is. Thanks!. Can you clarify if Penang historic center is the same as Georgetown? If not, how far apart are they? I'm imagining the Cheong Fatt Tze Mansion is probably out of our budget but I'll check into it. Mainly, we want someplace clean & quiet since we will be staying 4 nights.
16786726	Not poisonous octopus Barry although the blue ringed octopus is a nasty creature , but jellyfish. Portuguese man of war type jellyfish. They will hospitalise you, and have killed plenty of people. The popular swimming beaches are netted for protection, but the thrill of having a tropical beach to swim in is dampened somewhat. The Whitsunday islands, however, are quite safe to swim in, snorkelling off the beach is quite easy, and trips to the Great Barrier Reef are easy. Remember though, that the entire stretch of the eastern seaboard, from 1770 north, is protected by the reef. If you feel the heat and humidity Barry, this area may be uncomfortable for you during March. To give you an idea, Brisbane today at the airport, where I work, was 83% humidity and 31c. Humid as fuck. . Not trying to put you off the area Barry, because the Whitsundays are truely an amazing place. Budget travel will be difficult, but accommodation should be on the lower side of expensive, due to the season. Easter is 2,3,4,and 5th of April, so keep this in mind when booking accommodation. Many Australians take the week off, or have 2 weeks during that time. Your thread mentions culture, old buildings etc, but i'm afraid that this area of Australia is lacking in both. The mainland has Airlie Beach, a sort of "must see" for the backpacker crowd. You could base yourself there, much cheaper than the islands, and do day tours to different islands. Plenty of operators out of Airlie for reef trips too. If you do decide on Australia, at the risk of stating the bleeding obvious, do a thread on the Australia/NZ branch. Some very helpful people post there, much more knowledgeable than me on that area.
16786551	Burma Visa-BKK. Just went and did visa thing and actually helped some one else out with info. As I stayed at Urban Age Hostel in Silom Soi 8 it was a nice mornin walk to tha embassy. Really helpful staff with just one 4 bed dorm room i Think for bout 280 THB and other rooms aswell. THE URBAN AGE . 130/6 Silom soi 8, Silom Road . Bangrak, Bangkok, Thailand 10500 . theurbanage@hotmail. com. Tel: 66 2 6342680. But tha thing i found was a little shop bout 180 mtrs from tha embassy that does passport fotos, foto copy , internet and they have Tourist Visa Apps for 6THB which incl 3 different forms, Visa, Work history and the country entry or somethin like that. so that you can be tha first with a FILLED out copy which you NEED to get a number to be served tha mornin you get there. Then after that it was very easy 810THB ready in 3 workin days. Other essentials are the 2 fotos, 1 foto copy of passport, a name of a hotel and probably best to have a basic itinery incase they ask. Tha shop if comin from tha skyrail is down Tanonpan Rd the one tha front door of tha embassy s on and go down bout 150 mtrs on tha right is Siam City Bank its red with a post box out tha front. Tha next lane past is where its at, youll see a yellow sign on tha buildin sayin, Foto Copy Fax, when you look down tha lane theres a bigger yellow sign. Good Luck
16786559	Just went and did visa thing and actually helped some one else out with info. As I stayed at Urban Age Hostel in Silom Soi 8 it was a nice mornin walk to tha embassy. Really helpful staff with just one 4 bed dorm room i Think for bout 280 THB and other rooms aswell. THE URBAN AGE . 130/6 Silom soi 8, Silom Road . Bangrak, Bangkok, Thailand 10500 . theurbanage@hotmail. com. Tel: 66 2 6342680. But tha thing i found was a little shop bout 180 mtrs from tha embassy that does passport fotos 4for150THB , foto copy 2THB , internet and they have Tourist Visa Apps for 6THB which incl 3 different forms, Visa, Work history and the country entry or somethin like that. so that you can be tha first with a FILLED out copy which you NEED to get a number to be served tha mornin you get there. Then after that it was very easy 810THB ready in 3 workin days. Other essentials are the 2 fotos, 1 foto copy of passport, a name of a hotel and probably best to have a basic itinery incase they ask. Tha shop if comin from tha skyrail is down Tanonpan Rd the one tha front door of tha embassy s on and go down bout 150 mtrs on tha right is Siam City Bank its red with a post box out tha front. Tha next lane past is where its at, youll see a yellow sign on tha buildin sayin, Foto Copy Fax, when you look down tha lane theres a bigger yellow sign. Good Luck ey
16786871	Hurgada would be a good destination to dive & snorkelling. Great for the kids. I stayed at Safir resort Hurgada. Nice resort,has its own beach & shallow reef where you can snorkel. I did dive but cant recall the dive operator,Its was magical. Sure the hotel will help you out. I think 12 is too young to dive. Check with the operators.
16786860	I ate at all the above mentioned places. unfortuantely Kasturi isnt the best bangla food around. though it will be the place where they seem to soak everything in excessive OIL even for BD. . for bengali food - Heritage is the top sit down place. . For ambiance and fine dine, try the SUBLIME restaurant at the Radisson hotel. 50-70 dollars/pp for a meal cooked by the Exec chef in front of u at the restaurant. its by far the best quality fine dine place in dhaka. the only place that is actually fine dine unlike other places that claim they r fine dine. the menu changes regularly depending on the chef. reservation recommended. ps: their gourmet deserts r to die for! . If you desire a mix of bangla and asian mix, try the Westin hotels TASTE restaurant. its a buffet with indian/bengali and asian cuisine. very good quality of food, costs 2000 taka approx/pp. . its really unfortunate that there are not high quality bengali restaurants. its mainly cause people cook so well at their home. so for a typical bengali meal. see if you can get invited to someones home. now that would be a treat for the local food! maybe not for the bday! looking forward to the games. will defo be there!
16786874	Next month, I would like to go from USA to Chile covering Santiago, Easter Island, Atacama, Puerto Montt & Punta Arenas via flights. During this trip, I would also like to visit Quito in Ecuador and La Paz in Bolivia. What would be the best way to cover all these areas? It seems like I may want to stick with LAN Chile as it is the only airline which flies to Easter Island and gives a better package with an Int'l flight. LAN Chile is also a partner of OneWorld pass which I could buy to cover flights inside South America and within Chile. Does anybody have any experience with that pass? Are there any other competitor passes? Do such passes work out cheaper than individual flights. So the goal is to cover the flights from USA to Chile, flights within Chile, and the flights within South America to Quito and La Paz. The flight costs will determine how many places I'll actually be able to visit as these flights are not cheap and I'd be looking for the cheapest possible flight alternatives. I'd appreciate any feedback and suggestions. Thanks!
16786898	sorry i dropped the Giza Pyramids. cause i am living there. hehe. so you can make it ending up the first day, and there are many cheap accommodation overlooking the Pyramids, try to check them in flipkey. com or travel library. com :-
16786923	I confess. I don't know anythinh about the Hermitage :
16786933	The majority of travel agents on Ko Lanta do "3-island" daytrips with snorkeling at Ko Ngai good snorkeling on the rocky west side , Ko Kradan beach combing and clear water swimming , and Ko Muk the busy emerald cave with decent snorkeling out front . These daytrips are not for dedicated snorkelers but instead just give a sample of three places. You will also see daytrips to Ko Rok only which has great snorkeling esp. Ko Rok Nok but again plenty of fellow daytrippers. . Ko Haa isn't really for snorkelling depth,current but is in heavy rotation with Hin Daeng/Meuang and Ko Bida Nok as the primary scuba dive sites from Ko Lanta operators. As a sideline some surprisingly good snorkeling can be found in front of tiny Ko Yung Mosquito Island and Ko Mai Phai Bamboo Island north of Phi Phi Don but not doable as a daytrip from Lanta AFAIK. . If based on Lanta I would look at doing a multi-day camping/snorkeling trip to Rok and/or Kradan, Ngai. Just an example here for you to get some idea. It isn't the cheapest way to go but at least you're on these islands well before and well after the daytrippers have done their thing and you can find yourself in peaceful surroundings and keep on snorking. Hope that is helpful.
16786971	There's some nice inexpensive hotels just steps from the Chong Nonsi BTS station located in the Silom / Sathorn area. Glow Hotel : Silom Serene Hotel: Om Yim Lodge: iResidence Hotel: The Heritage Bangkok: . I'd check the internet hotel sites for the best deals e. g. , agoda, asiarooms, rates2go, wotif, etc. . From the Chong Nonsi BTS station it's a quick ride to Saphan Taksin station and the river to catch a cheap taxi/ferry boat up to Wat Po, Grand Palace, Chinatown, etc. , or take the train in the opposite direction over to Siam for shopping. . The neighborhood is very convenient, safe, and not as trashy as lower Sukhumvit except if you venture across Silom into Patpong in the evening . There's also a great day market during the week on Silom Soi 5 around the Bangkok Bank Building.
